#Teamwork documentation

This is a documentation of a game project made by TelerikAcademy team Espresso-Martini

<h1 align="center">“Espresso-Martini”</h1>

<h2 align="center">The game story</h2>
Once upon a time, there was a man who hasn't had anything for dinner, so he decided to go and hunt some birds and with a good fortune, to survive in his difficult world.. On that day the idea of creating a game that follows his story was born. Our team decided to solve this complex task! 
The project is called 'Bird Hunt' and it is a game just like the popular one 'Duck hunt'.
The main difference between our unique game and the popular one is that we use Birds instead of ducks.
As it is in the game 'Duck Hunt', the main purpose is to shoot ducks (in our case - birds) and if you have enough luck, you'll have your delicious dinner from fresh meal!
Our implementation of the game includes a shotgun, a beautiful scenery (background) and very many birds that you have to take down!

<h2 align="center">The team</h2>
Our team consists of 7 members, randomly generated by the TekerikAcademy's system.
Unfortunately, only 6 of us took part in the project, some contributed with more code, some with more ideas.
|      Name         | Username @telerikacademy.com: |
|:-----------------:|:-----------------------------:|
| Александър Марков |            frowstyl           |
|    Благой Шоков   |         Blagoy.Shokov         |
|    Борис Тончев   |             Bruno             |
|    Васил Вълков   |             BaSk3T            |
|    Петьо Петков   |           petyodelta          |
| Пламен Костадинов |            plamenti           |

<h2 align="center">The structure</h2>
Our game is made using the latest WEB technologies such as HTML5, CSS, JavaScript.
We are using a canvas in order to draw our objects. Also we use the old and slow technology called SVG to print our game score.
The project root includes 4 folders which separate the game logic.
We have the following folders:
* CSS
  *   Where we add our styles to the canvas
* Images
  *   Where we store all needed sprites and images for the game
* JS
  *   In this folder we store our scripts files and the main game logic
* Sounds
  *   Here we have the amazing sounds and rings for the game

